# packages in environment at /opt/miniconda3/envs/genome_analysis:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_python_abi3_support      1.0                  hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
argparse-dataclass        2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     25.3.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312hde4cb15_2    conda-forge
bwa-mem2                  2.2.1                hda5e58c_8    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.4.26            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.4.26          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py312h0fad829_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.2.1              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
coin-or-cbc               2.10.12              h8ec3750_2    conda-forge
coin-or-cgl               0.60.9               h7ef17a8_4    conda-forge
coin-or-clp               1.17.10              h73553b4_1    conda-forge
coin-or-osi               0.108.11             h1c7c69d_4    conda-forge
coin-or-utils             2.11.12              h38baedf_2    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_4    conda-forge
colormath                 3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_4    conda-forge
conda-inject              1.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.7.1              pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
cpython                   3.12.10         py312hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.21.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
dpath                     2.2.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
eido                      0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastp                     0.24.1               hee05c9d_0    bioconda
gitdb                     4.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.44             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
humanfriendly             10.0               pyh707e725_8    conda-forge
humanize                  4.12.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
immutables                0.21            py312hea69d52_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.7.0              pyhe01879c_1    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
isa-l                     2.31.1               h5505292_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.24.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2025.4.1           pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.8.1              pyh31011fe_0    conda-forge
kaleido-core              0.2.1                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h7eeda09_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hd64df32_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           31_h10e41b3_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           31_hb3479ef_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    20.1.5               ha82da77_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h286801f_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h1da3d7d_1    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h1d14073_1    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0             heb5dd2a_105    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0             h2c44a93_105    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                h5505292_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           31_hc9a63f6_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           31_hbb7bcf8_openblas    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                h39f12f2_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.29          openmp_hf332438_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.47               h3783ad8_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.49.2               h3f77e49_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                ha962b0a_2    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h2471fea_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               hdb1d25a_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               20.1.5               hdb05f8b_0    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.8              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.8                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py312h998013c_1    conda-forge
mathjax                   2.7.7                hce30654_3    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
multiqc                   1.29               pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
narwhals                  1.41.0             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
natsort                   8.4.0              pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h5e97a16_3    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
numpy                     2.2.6           py312h7c1f314_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h8a3d83b_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.0                h81ee809_1    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py312hcb1e3ce_3    conda-forge
pephubclient              0.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
peppy                     0.40.7             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pillow                    11.2.1          py312h50aef2c_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
plac                      1.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.8              pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
plotly                    6.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
polars                    1.30.0          default_hdd315a2_0    conda-forge
polars-default            1.30.0           py39h6da47c3_0    conda-forge
psutil                    7.0.0           py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hd74edd7_1002    conda-forge
pulp                      2.8.0           py312h38bd297_1    conda-forge
pyaml-env                 1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.11.4             pyh3cfb1c2_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.33.2          py312hd3c0895_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pytest                    8.3.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.10         hc22306f_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-dotenv             1.1.0              pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-gil                3.12.10              hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-kaleido            0.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    7_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py312h998013c_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h1d1bf99_2    conda-forge
referencing               0.36.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.11.6       py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
reretry                   0.11.8             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rich                      14.0.0             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
rich-click                1.8.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.25.1          py312hd3c0895_0    conda-forge
setuptools                80.8.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
shellingham               1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
slack-sdk                 3.35.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
slack_sdk                 3.35.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smart_open                7.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     5.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 9.5.1                hdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-common 1.18.0             pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-executor-plugins 9.3.5              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-logger-plugins 1.2.3              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-report-plugins 1.1.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-interface-storage-plugins 4.2.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         9.5.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
spectra                   0.0.11             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
throttler                 1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tiktoken                  0.9.0           py312hf3e4074_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5083fa2_1    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typeguard                 4.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typer                     0.16.0             pyh167b9f4_0    conda-forge
typer-slim                0.16.0             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
typer-slim-standard       0.16.0               hf964461_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.13.2               h0e9735f_0    conda-forge
typing-inspection         0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.13.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.17.2          py312hea69d52_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               h5505292_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
yte                       1.7.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.22.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py312hea69d52_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                h6491c7d_2    conda-forge
